Fixed ports update. (#33)
lightbend/cloudflow-docs: docs-source/docs/modules/get-started/pages/exercise-example.adoc

    Container ID:  docker://9149cd757094e7ea1b943076048b7efc7aa343da8c2d598bba31295ef3cbfd6b
    Image:         eu.gcr.io/bubbly-observer-178213/sensor-data@sha256:ee496e8cf3a3d9ab71c3ef4a4929ed8eeb6129845f981c33005942314ad30f18
    Image ID:      docker-pullable://eu.gcr.io/bubbly-observer-178213/sensor-data@sha256:ee496e8cf3a3d9ab71c3ef4a4929ed8eeb6129845f981c33005942314ad30f18
    Ports:         3000/TCP, 2048/TCP, 2049/TCP, 2050/TCP
...
```

> So one of the Pod ports is `3000` - let's set up a port forwarding on it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The streamlet exposes its HTTP endpoint for uploading data on port `3000` - let's set up a port forwarding on it.
```

* Setup port forwarding for the Pod port

```

> $ kubectl port-forward sensor-data-http-ingress-fd9cdb66f-jbsrm -n sensor-data 3000:3000

Reviewer: We should update this to use Service based port forwarding instead of Pod-based forwarding. Pos-based forwarding is an anti pattern since any chance to the Deployment will break the port forward.

Reviewer: See here: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/access-application-cluster/port-forward-access-application-cluster/

e.g. you can port forward at the Service level (last example on the page), which is exactly why we create this service in the first place. Port forwarding to the Pod will break as soon as you redeploy the pod and you will have to look up the specific name of the Pod each time instead of just copying the command once.

Author: I think this is fine for now. Please add a ticket to check how this works?

Reviewer: OK, issue created.
